dearly beloved we are gathered together
today to join this man and this woman in
marriage Shelley and Eddie have been a
thing as long as I have known her I'd
say it's about time they get you any one
have a reason why these two should not
be knighted in matrimony speak now or
forever hold your peace you are very
sweet little girl and you are the only
man she has ever mentioned you're
getting a princess you are also getting
her countless friends
then a family that loves her dearly and
as a bonus to be your wedded wife will
you love her comfort her honor and keep
as long as you both shall live will you
answer every time she says guess what
will you only grocery shop at all will
you love honor and keep him in sickness
and in health
what are you cooking clean for him iron
his clothes for the Sox dinner ready on
time and make him a pizza don't get
upset with him over the position of the
toilet team you both shall live the
answer is I will
who gives this woman to be married to
this man
Amanda repeat after me to be my wedded
wife
a four word repeat after me I shall II
Hey thank you ready to be my husband to
have and to hold from this day forward
is there any token there you have it
it's official for as much as this man
and woman have consented together I now
pronounce them man and wife
fold his hand hold his hand up oh sorry